Quality declaration for foonathan_memory_vendor (#27)
eProsima/foonathan_memory_vendor: QUALITY_DECLARATION.md

### Public API Declaration [1.iii]

As a vendor package, which provides CMake files that configure the foonathan_memory package, there is no public API.

### API Stability Within a Released ROS Distribution [1.iv]/[1.vi]

`foonathan_memory_vendor` will not break public API within a released ROS distribution, i.e. no major releases once the ROS distribution is released.

CMake files that are not in the cmake directory are not installed, and are considered private.

### ABI Stability Within a Released ROS Distribution [1.v]/[1.vi]

`foonathan_memory_vendor` does not contain any c or c++ code, therefore changes will not affect ABI stability.

## Change Control Process [2]

`foonathan_memory_vendor` follows the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#package-requirements).

### Change Requests [2.i]

This package requires that all changes occur through a pull request.

### Contributor Origin [2.ii]

This package uses DCO as its confirmation of contributor origin policy. More information can be found in [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Peer Review Policy [2.iii]

> Following the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages, all pull requests must have at least 1 peer review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages, all pull requests must have at least 1 peer review. Check the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#change-control-process) for additional information.
```

Author: Done.

### Continuous Integration [2.iv]

All pull request must pass CI on all [tier 1 platforms](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2000.html#support-tiers)

### Documentation Policy [2.v]

All pull requests must resolve related documentation changes before merging.

## Documentation [3]

### Feature Documentation [3.i]

`foonathan_memory_vendor` does not currently document its features.

### Public API Documentation [3.ii]

> `foonathan_memory_vendor` has embedded API documentation, and is available in its source files.

Reviewer: As in [1.iii], better state there is no API for this, maybe something like:

```suggestion
`foonathan_memory_vendor` does not have an API and therefore does not require API documentation.
```

Author: Done.

There is documentation for all of the public API, and new additions to the public API require documentation before being added.

### License [3.iii]

> The license for `foonathan_memory_vendor` is Apache 2.0, and a summary is in each source file, the type is declared in the [package.xml](package.xml) manifest file, and a full copy of the license is in the [LICENSE](../LICENSE) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The license for `foonathan_memory_vendor` is Apache 2.0, and a summary is in each source file, the type is declared in the [package.xml](./package.xml) manifest file, and a full copy of the license is in the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file.
```

Author: Done.

There is an automated test which runs a linter that ensures each file has a license statement.

Most recent test results can be found [here](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux_release/lastBuild/testReport/foonathan_memory_vendor/copyright/).

### Copyright Statements [3.iv]

The copyright holders each provide a statement of copyright in each source code file in `foonathan_memory_vendor`.

There is an automated test which runs a linter that ensures each file has at least one copyright statement.

Results of the copyright tests can be found [here](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux_release/lastBuild/testReport/foonathan_memory_vendor/copyright/).

## Testing [4]

> `foonathan_memory_vendor` is a package providing solely CMake files and therefore does not require tests and has no coverage or performance requirements.

Reviewer: I think it would be great adding a reference to the points skipped, it's weird jumping from [4] to [4.v], something like:

```suggestion
`foonathan_memory_vendor` is a package providing solely CMake files and therefore does not require tests and has no coverage or performance requirements. [4.i], [4.ii], [4.iii] & [4.iv]
```

Author: Done.

### Linters and Static Analysis [4.v]

> `foonathan_memory_vendor` uses and passes all the standard linters and static analysis tools for a CMake package as described in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#linters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`foonathan_memory_vendor` uses and passes all the standard linters and static analysis tools for a CMake package as described in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#linters-and-static-analysis). Passing implies there are no linter/static errors when testing against CI of supported platforms.
```

Author: Fixed link.

### Direct Runtime Non-ROS Dependencies [5.iii]

`foonathan_memory_vendor` has the following non-ROS runtime packages:

#### `foonathan_memory`

`foonathan_memory` is a C++ library used to augment std::allocator.

It is **Quality Level 4**, see its [Quality Declaration document](QUALITY_DECLARATION_foonathan_memory.md).

## Platform Support [6]

`foonathan_memory_vendor` supports all of the tier 1 platforms as described in [REP-2000](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2000.html#support-tiers), and tests each change against all of them.

Currently nightly results can be seen here:
* [linux-aarch64_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux-aarch64_release/lastBuild/testReport/foonathan_memory_vendor/)
* [linux_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux_release/lastBuild/testReport/foonathan_memory_vendor/)
* [mac_osx_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_osx_release/lastBuild/testReport/foonathan_memory_vendor/)
* [windows_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_win_rel/lastBuild/testReport/foonathan_memory_vendor/)

## Vulnerability Disclosure Policy [7.i]

> This package does not yet have a Vulnerability Disclosure Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package does not yet have a Vulnerability Disclosure Policy.
```

Author: Done.

CMake files that are not in the cmake directory are not installed, and are considered private.

### ABI Stability Within a Released ROS Distribution [1.v]/[1.vi]

`foonathan_memory_vendor` does not contain any c or c++ code, therefore changes will not affect ABI stability.

## Change Control Process [2]

`foonathan_memory_vendor` follows the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#package-requirements).

### Change Requests [2.i]

This package requires that all changes occur through a pull request.

### Contributor Origin [2.ii]

This package uses DCO as its confirmation of contributor origin policy. More information can be found in [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Peer Review Policy [2.iii]

Following the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#package-requirements), all pull requests must have at least 1 peer review.

### Continuous Integration [2.iv]

> All pull request must pass CI on all [tier 1 platforms](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2000.html#support-tiers)

Reviewer 2: The eProsima team has the ability to create, review, and merge pull requests without running ROS 2 CI. So unless we've worked something out with them I don't believe this statement is accurate at this time.

Author: Reworded this section to point out they are tested nightly, not for each PR.
